Update patch release issue template (#354)
upbound/universal-crossplane: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/patch_release.md

- [ ] Created and merged a PR for [upbound/universal-crossplane][uxp] to either the `main` branch, if cutting a patch for the latest supported release, **taking care to label it `backport release-X.Y`**, or directly to the `release-X.Y` branch, if cutting a patch for an older supported release. With the following changes:
  - [ ] Update any reference to the old latest release to `vX.Y.Z-up.K`, such as `CROSSPLANE_TAG` and `CROSSPLANE_COMMIT` in the `Makefile`.
  - [ ] Run `make helm.prepare` to import any change to the templates in the [upstream Helm chart][upstream-helm-chart].
  - [ ] Manually diff and sync [upstream][upstream-xp-values]'s and [uxp][uxp-values]'s `values.yaml.tmpl` as needed, taking care to change any required templating reference, e.g. `%%CROSSPLANE_TAG%%` instead of `%%VERSION%%`. E.g. `export RELEASE_BRANCH=release-X.Y; vimdiff https://raw.githubusercontent.com/upbound/crossplane/$RELEASE_BRANCH/cluster/charts/crossplane/values.yaml.tmpl cluster/charts/universal-crossplane/values.yaml.tmpl`.
  - [ ] Run `make olm.build` to generate the [OLM] bundle.
- [ ] Cut [UXP][uxp] `vX.Y.Z-up.K` release from the `release-X.Y` branch by:

>   - [ ] Running the [Tag workflow][tag-uxp] on the `release-vX.Y` branch with the proper release version, `vX.Y.Z-up.K`. Use the following message: `Release vX.Y.Z-up.K`.

Reviewer: I wanted to make it clear that it's not mandatory, so that if someone has to change it for any reason, they will know it's not going to create issues later on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [ ] Running the [Tag workflow][tag-uxp] on the `release-vX.Y` branch with the proper release version, `vX.Y.Z-up.K`. Use `Release vX.Y.Z-up.K` as message (FYI: the format suggested is only for consistency, there is no actual dependency on it).
```

Author: I'm happy with the compromise.
